

1....Which of the following statements best describes fog computing?
  c) Fog computing is a model where data, processing, and applications are concentrated in devices at the network edge rather than existing almost entirely in the cloud.
 
2....Which of the following challenges is most effectively addressed by using fog and edge computing instead of a "cloud-only" approach for IoT applications?
  b) The inefficiency of processing time-sensitive applications directly in the cloud due to high latency and large data bandwidth requirements.
 
3....Which of the following correctly describes a classification of resource management architectures in fog/edge computing?

Threads of a process share
  c) Tenancy.
 

4....Which of the following characteristics is NOT typically associated with fog computing infrastructure?
  c) High computational power concentrated solely in the Cloud
 
5...In the fog computing paradigm, which of the following accurately describes the relationship between local and global analyses?
c) Local analyses are performed at the edge devices, and global analyses can be either performed at the edge or forwarded to the Cloud.


6....What is the primary goal of the application placement problem in the Cloud-Fog-Edge framework?
  b) To find available resources in the network that satisfy application requirements, respect constraints, and optimize the objective, such as minimizing energy consumption.

7....Which of the following is an example of an application constraint in the application placement problem on the Cloud-Fog-Edge framework?
  c) Locality requirements restricting certain services’ executions to specific locations.


8.....What is the primary purpose of offloading in the context of edge computing?
  b) To augment computing requirements by moving servers, applications, and associated data closer to the network edge.


9....What is the primary goal of a cloud federation?
b) To deploy and manage multiple cloud services to meet business needs by collaborating among different Cloud Service Providers (CSPs).


10....Which of the following is a key benefit of forming a cloud federation?
 b) Increased resource utilization and load balancing across multiple Cloud Service Providers (CSPs).
 